listen I'd say Annabelle is the most
iconic in the ever-expanding conjuring
Cinematic Universe and if they tried
hyping up the nun insert Thanos then
Annie's the Loki who's always just
causing havoc we already have a video
breaking down the entire universe if you
need a recap but when it comes to
comparing the three Annabelle far from
homecoming ain't his greatest creation
it's definitely better than the first
but I thought it was still solid rented
because they decided to go a different
route with this one that surprised me
because they had these things called
anti jump scares let me explain so in
case you missed a recap the story for
animal goes as follows she gets arisen
when these two parents lose their
daughter and get duped into summoning a
spirit that embodies install in real
life it's actually based off of a
Raggedy Ann doll that makes several
cameos throughout the series but
considering that the movie version is
way more menacing these two parents and
the entire incoming orphanage at the
house stood no chance the demon
controlling the doll ends up
transferring over to one of the girls in
the orphanage who ends up escaping she
joins a call in years later after new
adoptive parents as the next door
neighbor watches which leads us to the
events of the first movie which I'm not
gonna waste your time on cut to the
warrens who are picking her up in order
to lock her up in their basement and
Lorraine even mentions how Annabelle is
a conduit possessing other things pretty
much she's saying that Annabelle's are
heipiess when it comes to the other
demons
it's that approach that makes it kind of
feel like a goosebumps movie they even
called it a Christian movie themselves
which no better way to prove God than to
prove the devil but what I mean by anti
scares is that they'll have a lot of
moments where they build up for a loud
noise and a lot of jump scares do this
thing where you wonder how they couldn't
even sense the person behind them or why
is it that there's a huge violin thing
that comes out of nowhere here it's
nothing it's like an hour and 20 minutes
of edging before they give you one big
scare now to some of you that's an
automatic yeah I'm saving my money I'm
saying inside I liked it
this director has actually written all
three Annabelle movies and he also did
the it movies and I like how now that
he's directing he's going a little bit
of a different route because while the
movie is called Annabelle it's not
really about her she doesn't really go
home or and
for that matter it's really a question
about when Lorraine's coming home since
her daughter feels alone you know since
this one happens to Mac dab in the
middle of these they decided to recast
the actress who had been playing the
daughter faster than Thrones did
Marcella but it makes sense to get
McKenna for this once and she's I kid
you not literally been playing the
younger version of every character
that's interacted with a ghost I thought
a lot about what it was like to be you
know the daughter of Ed and Lorraine
Warren and knowing what they did and
when they leave the house they're going
into really certain danger or you didn't
know what they were gonna bring back and
you were living in this house that had
this room full of horrors it's
interesting seeing the story of the
Warrens from the perspective of their
daughters and she's getting haunted at
school and it's no big deal to her you
know Alex wolf almost lost his head in
hereditary when he saw an old lady
Judy's like Oh give me some space not
only is she being chased like it follows
and it's normal to her but she's getting
bullied at school for getting cooties
from ghosts middle schoolers middle
schoolers are worse than demons her
parents are always away shooting a
conjuring movie so she's getting babysat
by Mary who let's be honest no wife
would assign that check the most
unbelievable part of this movie wasn't
the demons and all the crazy stuff that
happens it's the idea that Lorraine
would have no problem letting Mary stay
in her home next to add she's
clairvoyant
I'd be dead Mary's friend Daniela then
comes over and I first you think that
she's just one of those girls who came
straight out of a Ouija movie trying to
cause trouble do I like my find oh but
then we see her true motives Judy and
Mary go outside leaving Danielle inside
calling out to the spirits to open the
basement door where all the items are at
and the demons are like not yet we'll
we'll open it later when it's convenient
for the plot she ends up finding the
keys in their office behind a picture of
Jesus which sure take the wheel but guys
keep the keys on you at all times she
goes downstairs and if you work for a
museum if you're one of those anal
people who always want to make sure
people are off the grass I'm telling you
skip this movie because Daniella goes
down there and touches everything
[Music]
I'm talking about she was touching
things that weren't even on the screen
at this point we realized that she's not
a party girl looking over here to cause
some craziness but she's mourning the
loss of her dad who died in a car
accident the car that she was driving
and thought she blames herself and when
this ho here's all these intimate
details she Danielle Dan Wok's up to a
knees glass case which says positively
do not she opens it Danielle Dan heads
upstairs when the cake in the oven burns
but I'm telling you right now that I was
surprised to see that for the first time
ever Annabelle is finally acting the
next Meryl I actually really like the
backstory to Danielle because that grief
that guilt what push you to go into this
haunted Carnival of possessions like you
would be touching everything because you
want it to be real if you can prove
there's an afterlife you salvage the
chance of being able to talk to your dad
one more time and it's interesting
because you have one character who's
willing to enter the world of the
conjuring in order to reach her parent
which is beautiful when you contrast it
to Judy's character who feels that the
world of the conjuring is what's
distancing herself from her parents and
Annabelle just don't give a damn about
any of that like I said the movie feels
like at adults goosebumps tale as this
poster tells you and even the trailer
they know that Annabelle's just a
selling point that's the only reason her
name's on the poster it's more that
you're coming into the home of the
conjuring universe you're going into the
room where they have all the Infinity
stones that are demonic and it feels
like a more demented pee-wee's Playhouse
you know you have this samurais story
that's being told on audible in the
background
Judy sees this bride mannequin that
keeps haunting him there's this fairy
man who collects coins as his toll and
they kind of take a lights out darkness
falls approach we're yet to shine a
light on him in order to disappear
there's this hellhound file that they
have with a specific date in case
there's an upcoming movie and we see it
almost annihilate Mary's boyfriend and
evil feely melee game for those who
didn't see velvet bus all this year and
my personal favorite which was this
super creepy futuristic TV they can see
the the future like ten seconds ahead
they're claiming all of these things are
not meant to foreshadow spin-offs but
neither were these and they now have
franchises so feel Amelie Netflix series
coming soon in the midst of all these
hauntings you get some other stuff that
I thought was pretty interesting like
this kid Bob who pulls up serenading
them like Miguel from Gokul it was a
really cool shot of Annabelle shadow
that shows you every incarnation of her
from the previous movies i legit burst
out laughing at the clip where they call
the Warrens for help and Annabelle
answers and then I kid you not
they do feed her by bobbin and Weavin
till they knocked her out goodnight they
press play on one of EDS exorcisms since
they already had the Our Father
pre-recorded and then dip bob has enough
balls to get his kiss
Danielle dresses up like Daphnia she's
inspired to bus ghosts and Judy realizes
that what her parents do for a living
doesn't just help the dead but their
loved ones who are still grieving oh and
it also makes for a profitable franchise
I think you guys checking out this video
I'm here to know your thoughts down
below in the comment section like I said
I believe that yo Donna some people were
arguing that it's not in the universe
but like I was in attendance at South by
when they said it was a part of the
universe Annabelle's clearly part of the
universe they got the crooked man they
got another conjuring movie coming out
this franchise is not stopping anytime
soon and it'll be interesting to see
where they take it I think it's
interesting that in 2019 not really
interesting but said that we have had so
many people for these big franchises
that you kind of have an in memoriam
with Loraine passing this year Stan
Lee's passing Don Rickles for Toy Story
like these things are starting to become
even more depressing as they get older
because everyone who started these are
gonna end up passing away I do think
that they could have done a little bit
more with the movie because they could
have easily put a VALIC thing in there
considering that was an easter egg if if
you saw the recap video or if you've
been following along where Valek should
still have had its name within the house
and stats what it was planning on doing
for the sequel i also think that it's
kind of interesting how it was very
difficult to bring in Annabelle and then
Annabelle and the entire room of goons
come to life and they couldn't go up
against three girls I'm starting to
think the ferryman just had a crush on
Annabelle and was trying to flex for her
because he could've easily left if he
wanted to and he did it your scenario
thoughts about this movie again for me
it's the ghost creation then this one
and then the first one which I'm not a
real big fan of but let me know how you
would rank them how you would rank the
entire conjuring universe in your
perspective and until next time don't
forget to comment like and subscribe I
shall leave your closet